>> Jen Kramer: Now I have one more
trick that I wanna show you here, and
that has to do with a thing
that happened here.
When I made my font size bigger, see how I
made my font size bigger on these links?
I happen to have a link over
here in this paragraph too,
and see how that link
font size got bigger too?
>> Jen Kramer: That's not what I wanted.
I wanted my links to look that way, but
I didn't really want that font
size to go throughout my document.
I only wanted it to happen over here for
my links, that are here in my fine links.
So, does anyone have any suggestions,
how I can
create the font size to be bigger just for
the links that are here, in this document?
Just in the my fine links section, yeah?
>> Speaker 2: Get more specific
on what you're targeting.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah, I need to get
more specific on what I'm targeting.
That's absolutely true, okay?
So, how could I go about doing that?
>> Speaker 3: Use a list and line?
>> Jen Kramer: I could try using li,
that would be a good thing to do.
So I could say-
>> Speaker 3: You have another list except
it's unordered list and
ordered lists, I don't know.
>> Jen Kramer: Right, so I do have only
one list one ordered list one an ordered
list in this document, so
I could say something with that UL, right?
Nothing else there, yeah?
>> [INAUDIBLE]
>> Jen Kramer: So
I could say something with the UL right?
But we already decided that calling
the UL to change the way my links look,
that doesn't work, right?
But we can put these two things together,
in order to target our links a little
bit more specifically, okay?
And the way I would go
about doing that is,
let's just start up here with my
regular old unlinked stake here.
If I said UL space A link, okay?
So the space here is really,
really important.
So what I'm saying is, for all unvisited
links located inside of an unordered list.
>> Jen Kramer: This is called
the descendant selector, okay.
So for all unordered links,
or unvisited links
inside of an unordered list,
do the following.
Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: I saw this
term descendant selector.
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: That's
basically just something
with n in another element.
>> Jen Kramer: Right.
So we're talking about family here.
There are parents and children involved
in our html here, does that makes sense?
So, for example, for this A tag
here what what would its parent be?
>> Speaker 3: The list?
>> Jen Kramer: Yet the list item, the Li,
where would the parent
of the list item be?
>> Speaker 3: Unordered list, the UL.
>> Jen Kramer: The unordered list the UL,
what would the parent of
the an ordered list be?
>> Speaker 3: H2?
>> Jen Kramer: No, not the H2.
>> Speaker 3: The body?
>> Jen Kramer: Probably
the body tag right?
Or we'd have to scroll all the way up here
to the body tag to find something that
encompassed that H2, right?
Okay, so, what would be the relationship
between this H2 in this paragraph?
>> Speaker 3: Brothers?
>> Jen Kramer: Yeah,
they're brothers, they're siblings.
They're siblings, that's exactly right,
they're siblings, okay?
So the H2, the paragraph, the UL,
these are all siblings, okay?
That those relationships will
come in really handy when we talk
more about some of these
relationships tomorrow.
But, they're handy to keep in mind, when
we talk about the descendant selectors.
So descendant meaning we have ancestors
and we have descendants, right?
And we could be talking about
our parents or grandparents or
great grandparents, right?
We could be talking about our children,
our grandchildren,
our great grandchildren.
We're not being real specific here.
We're just saying ancestors and
descendant.
So with the ancestor and descendant or
sorry with the descendants selector here
in our CSS, we're simply saying that for
all of the a's that live inside of the UL.
And these A's live inside of a UL,
don't they?
>> Jen Kramer: They definitely do.
Okay, so
that will affect these links here.
So let's see what happens on our web
page when we save that and take a look.
>> Jen Kramer: All right?
So my other link down
here in my main text,
it's back to its regular old size and
whatever styling it had by default, okay?
And see my only big links that
are left are these ones here.